# Game-Gallaxy-
 Game Gallaxy It is a blockchain based game with play-to-earn functionality built on the Binance Smart Chain. Buy and hold Game Gallaxy to play the game and earn passive income. Buy Now First slide Previous Next       ABOUT Game Gallaxy Game gallaxy has created a platform/gaming hub for both game players and game developers, just like a playstore where people download their games. We have revolutionalise the process, in game gallaxy instead of downloading the games,consuming memory space on your device and earning nothing from playing/uploading games, you can now play the games on our site or our app and earn. The beauty of Game Gallaxy is the games that will be featured on our platform will be play to earn (P2E) games.  However game developers earn massively by uploading their games on GG. Other interesting features of Game Gallaxy is: Game market place,you can buy games and become an exclusive owner of the game, which you can sell or feature on P2E games and earn money from it.  G.G has provided a platform for both developers and non developers to earn. The beauty of G.G token is that we are open for partnership anybody can partner with G.G family, provided the person meets the requirement.  Game Gallaxy is here to reward your passion for playing games and to give massive reward for game developers. Don't be left out embrace game gallaxy technology and earn massively either as a game player or game developer.  Buy and hold G.G token because the value keeps increasing exponientially.
